fix(status): closed-unmerged PRs no longer block done; scope collision flag to in-flight rows (#464)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-status/references/conventions.md

    plan partial
  - `in-review` — increment PR open
  - `done` — authored by `woostack-execute` at the final increment (all boxes `[x]`, plan files);
    the board also derives/confirms it from artifacts (100% + all active PRs merged) and shows
    `in-review` while the final PR is still open; a closed-unmerged PR is workflow noise (only
    open + merged PRs count) and no longer blocks `done` once the plan is complete; a
    zero-checkbox plan has no progress signal, so the board trusts its authored `done` only when

>     every active (open/merged) increment PR is merged (or none exist and the branch has no

Author: **Nit: Doc's 'none exist' fallback no longer matches prcount==0**

This PR rewords the zero-checkbox `done` bullet from "every discovered increment PR is merged (or none exist and the branch has no active commits)" to "every active (open/merged) increment PR is merged (or none exist ...)". Changing the antecedent silently changed what "none exist" means: it now reads as "no *active* PRs exist", but the code's fallback (`status.sh` L191) stays keyed on `prcount -eq 0` — no PR discovered *at all*, closed included (the fix plan explicitly leaves those legacy paths on raw `prcount`). For a zero-checkbox authored-done plan whose only PR is CLOSED (open=0, merged=0, prcount=1) and whose branch has no active commits, this line of conventions.md now promises `done` while `resolve_phase` renders `executing`. conventions.md declares itself the source of truth for the board, so the mismatch will mislead the next reader of this exact edge case.

Fix: Restore the fallback's real condition: state that the no-PR branch requires no PR at all to have been discovered (a closed PR still counts as discovered and blocks the fallback), e.g. "or no PR at all was discovered — closed included — and the branch has no active commits".

```suggestion
    every active (open/merged) increment PR is merged (or no PR at all was discovered —
    closed included — and the branch has no
```

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in 5c5b474 — fallback wording now states the no-PR condition as 'no PR at all was discovered — closed included', matching the prcount==0 gate.
